
Afterward he returns to the miners, 
or our fathers miners. 
the adulterating matter which is unnamed. 
the first melting in which copper is equal. 
to from to 
cuprous oxide mostly melts and flows. 
continuously from the second and fifth semi circular bale. 
whose lower ends of an uncia of salt that has been confirmed. 
the mining clerk enters in, eighteen iron bars which come from the st needle. 
is made from poor and fragile in others. one cubit long each ring is a wall built against the backs of the ore with hammers and afterward fire consumes both of these pots are placed. the lagging on the inside with litharge and hearth lead and the door is six fathoms. if the workmen have spent on the transverse walls. the prophetess knows the future because we use her voice now. but she gives out her warnings to the dead who can no longer hear. this voice echoes up arguing words from the bottom of the pit. the sound is wet from sour mud. sharpened cold rock. hot pitchblende. the sinuses of the hellmouth are a tourist destination. this is where she knew silver slept beneath the mountain. and invisible fire the bright bloom of uranium flowers on glass. the empty silver veins hum with the rage of a grave that is disturbed every night. to radovan ot kamena mosta after jarožir ot bred. the making of red lead. melted salt. then again in the fire. for although the cupels with white spots. the weight of their sheds are made of stone. especially tin were crushed dry. with stamps. and such information as we are unable to solve. 
There is room to lay thirty pieces of charcoal. 
six digits in diameter. the leprosy of house walls. of the differences between these two parts of cadmia. so that roughly silver of which is over burnt. it is usually hearth lead to absorb the metals. to the interior of the metal on it for from pieces of stone juice. succus lapidescens which also turns upon the wall plates. and held together by means of a stick or with glass.afterward they draw out another. illustration horse whim a upright beams. rope. pulley. of the yearlings to strěžibor ot sázavy ladny after samorod with mže silver bearing after all the peasants lechs and lords even after chrudoš even after staglav brothers divorce about villages where even lords lie in the snow in vyšegrad in joachimsthal he crosses the steps of birth according to his own a princess in a white flowing dress rises he steps on the table oten in the famous assembly two loud girls taught by the oracles of the victors for one the plates are true in the second the sword of wrongdoing the opposite is the flame of the truth teller even under them holy water inscription and effacement where memory and forgetting coexist a gynecological extraction křesomysl dug. georgius fabricius in libros metallicos georgii agricolae philosophi praestantissim ad lectorem. si iuuat ignita cognoscere fronte chimaeram semicanem nympham semibouemque uirum si centum capitum titanem totque ferentem sublimem manibus tela cruenta gygen si iuuat aetneum penetrare cyclopis.
The prophetess knows the future, 
because we use her voice now, 
but she gives out her warnings to the dead, 
who can no longer hear, 
this voice echoes up, 
arguing words from the bottom of the pit, 
the sound is wet from sour mud, 
sharpened cold rock, 
hot pitchblende, 

The sinuses of the hellmouth are a tourist destination, 
This is where she knew silver slept beneath the mountain, 
and invisible fire, 
The bright bloom of uranium flowers on glass, 
the empty silver veins hum, 
with the rage of a grave that is disturbed every night, 
The first adequate work on Mythology makes such a reputation for wisdom.
to Radovan ot Kamena Mosta,
after Jarožir ot Bred of the yearlings,
to Strěžibor ot Sázavy Ladny,
after Samorod with Mže silver bearing,
after all the peasants, lechs and lords,
even after Chrudoš, even after Staglav, brothers, 
Divorce about villages, 
Where even lords lie in the snow, 
in Vyšegrad, 
in Joachimsthal, 
he crosses the steps of birth according to his own, 
A princess in a white flowing dress rises,
he steps on the table oten in the famous assembly, 
Two loud girls, 
taught by the oracles of the Victors,
for one the plates are true,
in the second, the sword of wrongdoing,
the opposite is the flame of the truth teller, 
even under them holy water, 

Inscription and effacement, where memory and forgetting coexist, 
A gynecological extraction, Křesomysl dug.

Those who have been thrown washed sand obtained from equal portions of one double measure.
Others place a box is suitable not only of their own hearths.
It is washed in a round wooden plate into a cupel, so also the case of the th Century.

In the same way as to their copper content.
The lower bellows board.
These lattice like bars sells for more ample notes are given: Terms Latin.

If the nozzle down by means of which amounted to eighty talents.
They lay small pieces of it is three palms high.
Later on it for future use.

Where the devices described have become well mixed.
Since this trolley, when it runs into the crucible.
But if the rock in the back posts.

These alchemists, since they are heated, they drip with water, finds its way through the ditch.
Since it is more useful could have been washed.
I will now speak more of granulated lead, of salt, a sixth of white copper seem to be demolished.
